README.md, before:

# Nano Currency Scam Database

*An open-source database to keep track of all the current nano (xrb) currency scams*

## Usage

Make sure you have both [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) and [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) installed.

Then, open a command line anywhere and run the following commands:

```bash
> git clone https://github.com/pocesar/NanoScamDB.git
> npm install
> node run.js
```

The command line should now exit, asking you to update the config.js file with correct values. Please use your own API keys. When you're done, launch run.js again:

```bash
> node run.js
```

Environment variables should be set for sensitive information:

```js
{
	"port": process.env.PORT || 3000,
	"cache_refreshing_interval": process.env.CACHE_REFRESHING_INTERVAL || 1000 * 60 * 60 * 2,
	"Google_SafeBrowsing_API_Key": process.env.GOOGLE_SAFEBROWSING_API_KEY,
	"Github_Hook_Secret": process.env.GITHUB_HOOK_SECRET,
	"base_url": process.env.BASE_URL,
	"Recaptcha_Key": process.env.RECAPTCHA_KEY,
	"Recaptcha_Secret": process.env.RECAPTCHA_SECRET
}
```

Generating should take a couple of minutes the first time or after a clean, but when `cache.json` is already present it should launch instantly.


## Flags

- `--clean` Clean up all the old files and folders
- `--update` Manually update all content

## Contribute

Fork this project and edit `_data/data.yaml`. Every item can have the following properties:

- **id**: A unique incremental integer
- **name**: The title of the scam, should probably not be longer than 64 characters
- **status**: The status of a scam. If `status` isn't provided and `url` is, status will be autogenerated with the `--update` flag  **(Optional)**
- **description**: A full description for the scam **(Optional)**
- **url**: The protocol + hostname for a scam website, without a trailing `/` **(Optional)**
- **category**: The category under which the item falls **(Optional)**
- **addresses**: An array of all nano (xrb) addresses that were involved in this scam, with leading 'xrb_'  **(Optional)**

## API

To make use of our database, the following API can be used: https://nanoscamdb.herokuapp.com/api/

## LICENSE

MIT

## Donate

If you would like to help without contributing on GitHub yourself you can send some ETH or ERC20 tokens to [etherscamdb.eth](https://etherscan.io/address/etherscamdb.eth) :clap: (original etherscamdb.info creator)

Nano Currency Scam DB donation address: [xrb_3sxxxrk1sbdod6qzh9xmrkedp8m4h6serydm96kb6xhjni73581xtr7gydmj](https://raiblocks.net/account/index.php?acc=xrb_3sxxxrk1sbdod6qzh9xmrkedp8m4h6serydm96kb6xhjni73581xtr7gydmj)

Commit message:

refactor update.js, fix merged vars

README.md, after:

# Nano Currency Scam Database

*An open-source database to keep track of all the current nano (xrb) currency scams*

This fork has:

- Refactored code and security issues fixed (mainly unfiltered XSS)
- Using current Node 8+ async/await
- Rescans the files every new PR merged / github push
- API (on `/api`) return was standardized

Proudly hosted by [heroku](https://heroku.com)

## Usage

Make sure you have both [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) and [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) installed.

Then, open a command line anywhere and run the following commands:

```bash
> git clone https://github.com/pocesar/NanoScamDB.git
> npm install
> node run.js
```

The command line should now exit, asking you to update the config.js file with correct values. Please use your own API keys. When you're done, launch run.js again:

```bash
> node run.js
```

Environment variables should be set for sensitive information:

```js
{
	"port": process.env.PORT || 3000,
	"cache_refreshing_interval": process.env.CACHE_REFRESHING_INTERVAL || 1000 * 60 * 60 * 2,
	"Google_SafeBrowsing_API_Key": process.env.GOOGLE_SAFEBROWSING_API_KEY,
	"Github_Hook_Secret": process.env.GITHUB_HOOK_SECRET,
	"base_url": process.env.BASE_URL,
	"Recaptcha_Key": process.env.RECAPTCHA_KEY,
	"Recaptcha_Secret": process.env.RECAPTCHA_SECRET
}
```

Generating should take a couple of minutes the first time or after a clean, but when `cache.json` is already present it should launch instantly.


## Contribute

Fork this project and edit `_data/data.yaml`. Every item can have the following properties:

- **id**: A unique incremental integer
- **name**: The title of the scam, should probably not be longer than 64 characters
- **status**: The status of a scam. If `status` isn't provided and `url` is, status will be autogenerated with the `--update` flag  **(Optional)**
- **description**: A full description for the scam **(Optional)**
- **url**: The protocol + hostname for a scam website, without a trailing `/` **(Optional)**
- **category**: The category under which the item falls **(Optional)**
- **addresses**: An array of all nano (xrb) addresses that were involved in this scam, with leading 'xrb_'  **(Optional)**

## API

To make use of our database, the following API can be used: https://nanoscamdb.herokuapp.com/api/

## LICENSE

MIT

## Donate

If you would like to help without contributing on GitHub yourself you can send some ETH or ERC20 tokens to [etherscamdb.eth](https://etherscan.io/address/etherscamdb.eth) :clap: (original etherscamdb.info creator)

Nano Currency Scam DB donation address: [xrb_3sxxxrk1sbdod6qzh9xmrkedp8m4h6serydm96kb6xhjni73581xtr7gydmj](https://raiblocks.net/account/index.php?acc=xrb_3sxxxrk1sbdod6qzh9xmrkedp8m4h6serydm96kb6xhjni73581xtr7gydmj)
